## 2. [Open Source and Repo Setup](2_set_up_repo/readme.md) Reflection

* Explain how to create a repository on GitHub and clone the repository to your local computer to a non-technical person
* Describe what open source means
* What do you think about Open Source? Does it make you nervous or protective? Does it feel like utopia?
* Assess the importance of using licenses
* What concepts were solidified in the challenge? Did you have any "aha" moments? What did you struggle with?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.

<!-- Add your reflection here. Remove the comment markers -->
1. First, you'll need to sign up for a GitHub account and select a username. Then, type in the url http://www.github.com/new and you will be brought to a screen that prompts you to enter text fields. The first thing you want to do is name your repository. The repository must follow this format --> "username" + "." + "github" + "." + any combination of alphanumeric text. Make sure you've indicated that your repository will be public and you've selected the box that says "initialize this repository with a README"
 You've created a repository! Now, download the Github application to your computer. When you open the application, search for the repository you just created, place your cursor over the repo name and click "clone." 
2. Open source allows you to not only see the output of a program, but also allows you to see and in some cases edit, use, publish, or sell the code in a different setting. Open source programs are free of charge to the user and are generally the product of social coding and an ongoing, collaborative effort. 
3. The future-programming-user in me loves the idea of open source. The knowledge sharing and transparency aspects of it seem to encourage and enable others to learn more about programming and find new applications for a certain code. However, I can't help but reflect on past macro-econ lectures and wonder if open source coding doesn't hamper progress in the industry by essentially removing the carrots of licenses and royalties that reward effort.
4. Licenses, as I understand, exist in both open and closed source programming and come in many different forms. The obvious benefits to licensing are that it rewards effort, prevents plagiarism, and acknowledges notable achievements. Without licenses, one could claim another's work as his or her own and profit off of it without having contributed anthything to the programming community. If this were permissable, then it would significantly disincentivize others from making future contributions to the community for fear of unrecognized and unrewarded effort. Programmers code for a variety of reasons - some aspirational, some entrpreneurial, and some altruistic. It is important that a particular license exist to accommodate and enable every sort of programmer so that his or her code is used and distributed as originally intended, thus encouraging continuous contributions and improvements. 
5. I had a seriously hard time at first grasping the concept of Git. I initially jumped into the girldevelopit series and couldn't follow the slides that jumped from creating a repository to manipulating files within Git. The "aha" moment for me occured as I was going through the codeschool "trygit" series. Very helpful. I feel as if I have a better grasp of how the command line, Git, GitHub, and my local files all talk to one another. 
6. I didn't find any outside resources. I did some exploring in codeschool and clicked through some tutorials in the skillcrush series (e.g. learn git branching). 
